feat: Deploy Eclipse Che on AKS (#2670)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/installing-che-on-microsoft-azure.adoc

:_content-type: ASSEMBLY

> :description: Installing {prod-short} on Microsoft Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Installing and setting up {prod-short} on Microsoft Azure
```

:keywords: overview, installing-che-on-microsoft-azure

> :navtitle: Installing {prod-short} on Microsoft Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:navtitle: Installing and setting up {prod-short} on Microsoft Azure
```

[id="installing-{prod-id-short}-on-microsoft-azure"]

> = Installing {prod-short} on Microsoft Azure

Reviewer: based on the contents of the assembly, would it make sense to change the title to `Installing and setting up {prod-short} on Microsoft Azure`?

Author: @deerskindoll 
Yes, it make sense.

> = Installing {prod-short} on Microsoft Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Installing and setting up {prod-short} on Microsoft Azure
```

> Microsoft Azure is a cloud computing service created by Microsoft for building, testing, deploying, and managing applications and services through Microsoft-managed data centers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Azure is a cloud computing service for building, testing, deploying, and managing applications and services through Microsoft-managed data centers.
```

> This section provides information about installing, enabling, and basic use of {prod-short} on Microsoft Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions below to install and enable {prod-short} on Microsoft Azure.
```

.Prerequisites

* `helm` the package manager for {kubernetes}. See: link:https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/[Installing Helm].

> * `az` the Azure CLI command line tool. See: link:https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest[How to install the Azure CLI].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `az` the Microsoft Azure CLI command line tool. See: link:https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest[How to install Microsoft Azure CLI].
```

> * `helm` the package manager for {kubernetes}. See: link:https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/[Installing Helm].
> 
> * `az` the Microsoft Azure CLI command line tool. See: link:https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest[How to install Microsoft Azure CLI].
> 
> * `kubelogin` the credential plugins See: link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/aks?view=azure-cli-latest#az-aks-install-cli[How to install kubelogin].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `helm`: The package manager for {kubernetes}. See: link:https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/[Installing Helm].

* `az`:  The Microsoft Azure CLI command line tool. See: link:https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest[How to install Microsoft Azure CLI].

* `kubelogin`: The credential plugin. See: link:https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/aks?view=azure-cli-latest#az-aks-install-cli[How to install kubelogin].
```
